[Improvement] Add a new data source, github-tagged-images-file, to automate retrieving images from a image-list file of a GitHub release (#544)
rancher/image-mirror: README.md

- `github-releases`: This will use GitHub releases as source, excluding pre-releases. This can be used if you need to keep all tags from the configured images in sync with GitHub releases
- `github-latest-release`: This will use the release on GitHub marked as `Latest release`. This can be used if you only want one release to be added that is marked as latest.

> - `github-tagged-images-file`: This will look up GitHub releases, excluding pre-releases, and find the list of images inside a specified file in the source code at the release's tag. This can be used if your project maintains a list of images in a file, e.g., https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/master/deploy/longhorn-images.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `github-tagged-images-file`: This will look up GitHub git repository tags, and find the list of images inside a specified file. The tag must have an associated release, with the pre-release flag unset. This can be used if your project maintains a list of images in a file, e.g., https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/master/deploy/longhorn-images.txt
```

Author: Thank you. Fixed

- `latest`: Sorts the found tags numerically and returns only the latest tag
- `latest_entry`: Returns the last found (newest) tag only (can be used when tags are not semver/cannot be sorted numerically)

`github-tagged-images-file` specific options:

> - `imagesFilePath`: the path to the list of images inside a GitHub release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `imagesFilePath`: the path to the list of images inside a GitHub git repository.
```

Author: Thank you. Fixed
